Readme.md, before:

<!--
 Copyright (c) 2022 Innodisk Crop.
 
 This software is released under the MIT License.
 https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT
-->
```
            __            _____
   _______ |__|   /\     |_   _|
  |   _   |      /  \      | |
  |  |_|  |     / /\ \     | |
  |   _   |    / /__\ \   _| |_
  |__| |__|   /_/    \_\ |_____|
Copyright 2022 AIoT Dev. Dep., IPA
```

# EXMU-X261

- [EXMU-X261](#exmu-x261)
- [See What's New](#see-whats-new)
- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Table of contents](#table-of-contents)
- [How to open an issue and sync repo on github?](#how-to-open-an-issue-and-sync-repo-on-github)
- [License](#license)
   
# See What's New
- [Release Notes](./docs/release.md)

# Introduction
We have created this repository to provide a quick and easy way to get started with our product. Here are some tips on how to learn it. Additionally, if you have any ideas regarding our content, you can open an issue on GitHub. Sync fork will bring up the newest content from the upstream repository.

# Table of contents
 - [Getting Started](./tocs/0.Getting-Started/Getting-Started.md)
  - [Hardware](./tocs/1.Hardware/hardware.md)
  - [Software](./tocs/2.Software/)
    - [dpu-sc](./tocs/2.Software/dpu-sc.md)
    - [stesting-sc](./tocs/2.Software/stesting-sc.md)
    - [VVAS](./tocs/2.Software/VVAS.md)
  - [POC](./tocs/3.POC/)
    - [Defect Dection](./tocs/3.POC/Defect-Detection.md)
    - [VVAS Demo](./tocs/3.POC/VVAS-Demo.md)
  - [FAQ](./tocs/4.FAQ/FAQ.md)

  <br />
  <div align="center"><img width="80%" height="50%" src="./EXMU-X261.png"></div>
  <br />

# How to open an issue and sync repo on github?
Issues are used for tracking ideas, feedback, tasks, and bugs. To assist you, here is a [guide](./docs/contributing/Readme.md) on how to open an issue and follow it. Additionally, the guide introduces how to sync from upstream repositories.

# License
[MIT](./LICENSE)

Commit message:

doc: modify FAQ and dependency versions

Readme.md, after:

<!--
 Copyright (c) 2022 Innodisk Crop.
 
 This software is released under the MIT License.
 https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT
-->
```
            __            _____
   _______ |__|   /\     |_   _|
  |   _   |      /  \      | |
  |  |_|  |     / /\ \     | |
  |   _   |    / /__\ \   _| |_
  |__| |__|   /_/    \_\ |_____|
Copyright 2022 AIoT Dev. Dep., IPA
```

# EXMU-X261

- [EXMU-X261](#exmu-x261)
- [See What's New](#see-whats-new)
- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Table of contents](#table-of-contents)
- [Dependency Versions](#dependency-versions)
- [How to open an issue and sync repo on github?](#how-to-open-an-issue-and-sync-repo-on-github)
- [License](#license)
   
# See What's New
- [Release Notes](./docs/release.md)

# Introduction
We have created this repository to provide a quick and easy way to get started with our product. Here are some tips on how to learn it. Additionally, if you have any ideas regarding our content, you can open an issue on GitHub. Sync fork will bring up the newest content from the upstream repository.

# Table of contents
 - [Getting Started](./tocs/0.Getting-Started/Getting-Started.md)
  - [Hardware](./tocs/1.Hardware/hardware.md)
  - [Software](./tocs/2.Software/)
    - [dpu-sc](./tocs/2.Software/dpu-sc.md)
    - [stesting-sc](./tocs/2.Software/stesting-sc.md)
    - [VVAS](./tocs/2.Software/VVAS.md)
  - [POC](./tocs/3.POC/)
    - [Defect Dection](./tocs/3.POC/Defect-Detection.md)
    - [VVAS Demo](./tocs/3.POC/VVAS-Demo.md)
  - [FAQ](./tocs/4.FAQ/FAQ.md)

  <br />
  <div align="center"><img width="80%" height="50%" src="./EXMU-X261.png"></div>
  <br />

# Dependency Versions
The dpu-sc would not be preload in BSP.

BSP | Vitis-AI | VVAS|stesting|
|:---:| :---: | :---:|:---:|
|0.0.3|1.4|1.0|0.0.1|



# How to open an issue and sync repo on github?
Issues are used for tracking ideas, feedback, tasks, and bugs. To assist you, here is a [guide](./docs/contributing/Readme.md) on how to open an issue and follow it. Additionally, the guide introduces how to sync from upstream repositories.

# License
[MIT](./LICENSE)
