tocs/5.Case-study/Defect-Detection.md, before:

<!--
 Copyright (c) 2022 Innodisk crop.
 
 This software is released under the MIT License.
 https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT
-->
# TOC
- [Intorduction](#intorduction)
- [Defect Detection Solutions](#defect-detection-solutions)
  - [USB pendrive Defect Detection](#usb-pendrive-defect-detection)
  - [Screw Defect Detection](#screw-defect-detection)
  - [Pneumonia Detection](#pneumonia-detection)
   
# Intorduction
We create the defect detection solutions on EXMU-X261. When camera catch the image, the image will input to EXMU-X261. The EXMU-X261 will preprocess the image. After all, the DPU will inference image and output result with bounding box. The result will shows on screen.  

![DD-flow](./fig/DD-flow.png)

|Solution| Model | Input Size | AVG. FPS on X261 |
|:------:| :-------------: |:----: |:---:|
| Object detection | YOLOv4-tiny | 320x320  | ~35 FPS |

`In the following section we have presented 3 case studies for you with object detection solution.`

# Defect Detection Solutions 
<details>
<summary> USB pendrive Defect Detection</summary>  

This solution can be used in factory to detect the logo or the assembly of components error.

PASS
![DD-OK](./fig/DD_predict_result_true.png)

NG
![DD-False](./fig/DD_predict_result_false.png)

Live demo  
![DD-USB](./fig/DD-USB.gif)

</details>
</br>
<details>
<summary>Screw Defect Detection</summary>  

This solution can be used in factory to detect the screw defect.

![screw_predict_result](./fig/DD-screw.gif)
</details>
</br>
<details>
<summary>Pneumonia Detection</summary>

[COVID-19 Sniper: An advanced diagnostic taool for pneumonia](https://www.hackster.io/covid-19-sniper/covid-19-sniper-an-advanced-diagnostic-tool-for-pneumonia-70be48)  

![oty](./fig/DD-oty.gif)
</details>

Commit message:

docs: intro pre-build image

tocs/5.Case-study/Defect-Detection.md, after:

<!--
 Copyright (c) 2022 Innodisk crop.
 
 This software is released under the MIT License.
 https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT
-->
# TOC
- [TOC](#toc)
- [Intorduction](#intorduction)
- [Defect Detection Solutions](#defect-detection-solutions)
- [Pre-build image](#pre-build-image)
   
# Intorduction
We create the defect detection solutions on EXMU-X261. When camera catch the image, the image will input to EXMU-X261. The EXMU-X261 will preprocess the image. After all, the DPU will inference image and output result with bounding box. The result will shows on screen.  

![DD-flow](./fig/DD-flow.png)

|Solution| Model | Input Size | AVG. FPS on X261 |
|:------:| :-------------: |:----: |:---:|
| Object detection | YOLOv4-tiny | 320x320  | ~35 FPS |

`In the following section we have presented 3 case studies for you with object detection solution.`

# Defect Detection Solutions 
<details>
<summary> USB pendrive Defect Detection</summary>  

This solution can be used in factory to detect the logo or the assembly of components error.

PASS
![DD-OK](./fig/DD_predict_result_true.png)

NG
![DD-False](./fig/DD_predict_result_false.png)

Live demo  
![DD-USB](./fig/DD-USB.gif)

</details>
</br>
<details>
<summary>Screw Defect Detection</summary>  

This solution can be used in factory to detect the screw defect.

![screw_predict_result](./fig/DD-screw.gif)
</details>
</br>
<details>
<summary>Pneumonia Detection</summary>

[COVID-19 Sniper: An advanced diagnostic taool for pneumonia](https://www.hackster.io/covid-19-sniper/covid-19-sniper-an-advanced-diagnostic-tool-for-pneumonia-70be48)  

![oty](./fig/DD-oty.gif)
</details>

# Pre-build image
We provide pre-built images that you can use to follow the [Getting Started](../0.Getting-Started/Getting-Started.md) guide to prepare the SD card. By switching X261 to boot from the SD card, you can experience our solution.
- USB pendrive Defect Detection
  - USB_122_AIBOX_230720.gz
- Screw Defect Detection
  - pneumonia_122_AIBOX_230720.gz
- Screw Defect Detection
  - screw_122_AIBOX_230720.gz

We also has other pre-built images which can be find on other relevant pages.
