tocs/4.FAQ/FAQ.md, before:

<!--
 Copyright (c) 2022 Innodisk crop.
 
 This software is released under the MIT License.
 https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT
-->


# FAQ
- [What is BSP?](#what-is-bsp)
- [How to flash eMMC on X261?](#how-to-flash-emmc-on-x261)
- [How to update QSPI FW?](#how-to-update-qspi-fw)
- [How to use xmutil to check Accelerate Application is loaded?](#how-to-use-xmutil-to-check-accelerate-application-is-loaded)
- [How to update the application on X261?](#how-to-update-the-application-on-x261)
- [How to check the version on EXMU-X261?](#how-to-check-the-version-on-exmu-x261)
- [Aborted to run dpu-sc?](#aborted-to-run-dpu-sc)
- [For first time boot, what is the login account and password?](#for-first-time-boot-what-is-the-login-account-and-password)
- [How to access USB?](#how-to-access-usb)
- [How to use docker on EXMU-x261?](#how-to-use-docker-on-exmu-x261)
- [Will the kernel be updated?](#will-the-kernel-be-updated)
- [Pre-build image naming rule?](#pre-build-image-naming-rule)
- [How to check if X261 is operating normally from the hardware?](#how-to-check-if-x261-is-operating-normally-from-the-hardware)
- [How to check the xmodel information on X261?](#how-to-check-the-xmodel-information-on-x261)
- [The accelerate application continuously fails to load ?](#the-accelerate-application-continuously-fails-to-load-)
- [Why can't playing videos with gstreamer's MJPEG on X261 achieve the expected 30 FPS?](#why-cant-playing-videos-with-gstreamers-mjpeg-on-x261-achieve-the-expected-30-fps)

# What is BSP?
A Board Support Package (BSP) is a collection of drivers customized to the provided hardware description, and it also contains a lot of source code(like Petalinux, Vitis and Vivado etc.). Our BSP structure like below:  
![bsp-tree](./fig/bsp-tree.png)

# How to flash eMMC on X261?
1. You need to prepare a MicroSD Card which can boot on X261, then use it to boot the system.  
2. In U-Boot section, you can see the simple menu like below through debug board(UART), please select `Carrier Card (CC) boot device` here.   
![u-boot-menu](./fig/u-boot-menu.png)  
1. After booting, you can follow below steps to flash the image which used to replace k26's eMMC, such like:  
   ```bash  
   sudo umount /dev/mmcblk0p1
   sudo umount /dev/mmcblk0p2
   echo -e "d\n\nd\n\nd\n\nw\n" | sudo fdisk /dev/mmcblk0
   sudo dd if=<reflash-image> of=/dev/mmcblk0 bs=1M status=progress 
   ```
2. Finnaly, after `reboot` then you can see the new system which you flashed.


# How to update QSPI FW?
For partition A.
```
sudo flashcp -v BOOT.BIN /dev/mtd5
```

For partition B.
```
sudo flashcp -v BOOT.BIN /dev/mtd7
```
Example of successfuly update qspifw.
    ![](doc/fig/../../fig/update_qspifw.gif)

# How to use xmutil to check Accelerate Application is loaded?
You can use `xmutil` to check the `listapps`. The active shows `0` means accelerate application is loaded.

```
xmutil listapps
```

![ckt_app_list](./fig/ckt_app.png)

If the accelerate application not loaded. you can use `xmutil` to unload or load accelerate application. And check the accelerate application list again.

- Unload APP

    ```
    xmutil unloadapp
    ```

    ![unload_app_list](./fig/unload_app.png)    

- Load APP
    ```
    xmutil loadapp <accelerate application name>
    ```
    Example 

    ```
    xmutil loadapp app-x261-bsp
    ```
    ![load_sucess](./fig/load_app.png)


# How to update the application on X261?
All application support using RPM to upgrade.
  
# How to check the version on EXMU-X261?
For BSP version, using the following command to check. The BSP version is `Ver.x.x.x`.

```bash
cat /etc/issue
```

![bsp-version](./fig/bsp-version.png)

For Vitis-AI version, using the following command to check. The Vitis-AI version can be seen at `VAI Version`.
```
xdputil query
```

![xdputil_query](./fig/xdputil_query.png)

The dpu-sc not preload in our system. If you need to check dpu-sc version, the version shows when running dpu-sc.

 ![dpu-sc-version](./fig/dpu-sc-verion.png)

For stesting version, stesting can't check version yet. Would be added in future version.
   
# Aborted to run dpu-sc?
When running the dpu-sc and got the error as following shows. It is because system doeesn't load DPU accelerate application yet.

![dpu-sc-aborted](./fig/dpu-sc-aborted.png)

Please load DPU accelerate application. Double check accelerate application list. And run dpu-sc again.
```
xmutil loadapp <dpu accelerate application name>
```

# For first time boot, what is the login account and password?
Account name is `petalinux`. And you can set a new password at first time.

# How to access USB?
You can use the command `sudo su` to switch mode to `root` for accessing USB.

![usb-access](./fig/usb-access.png)

# How to use docker on EXMU-x261?
You can install docker on EXMU-X261 by following command and refer [kria-docker](https://github.com/Xilinx/kria-docker) for more detail.

```
    sudo dnf install docker-ce.cortexa72_cortexa53 -y
```
# Will the kernel be updated?
Our kernel cannot be updated. If any adjustments are needed, please contact us.

# Pre-build image naming rule?
The following is pre-build image naming rule.
```
<projectname>_<BSP Version>_<APP>_<pkg coded date>
```
# How to check if X261 is operating normally from the hardware?
Please check if all the lights is lighting in the bottom right corner of the carried board, as following picture.

![light_lighting](./fig/lighting.png)

# How to check the xmodel information on X261?
Use the following command to check the fingerprint, input size, and architecture of the xmodel.

```
xdputil xmodel <xmodel> -l
```

Example
```
xdputil xmodel ppev3-yolov4-tiny-v25-416.xmodel -l
```
![xmodel_info](./fig/xmodel_info.png)

# The accelerate application continuously fails to load ?
Please follow the steps below for troubleshooting.
1. Please completely power off the X261.
2. Please detach the SOM board from the carried board.
3. Reinstall the SOM board onto the carried board.

Notice: Ensure the orientation of the SOM board and carried board is correct. Do not press hard, as it may cause permanent damage.

# Why can't playing videos with gstreamer's MJPEG on X261 achieve the expected 30 FPS?
This is because X261 does not provide an MJPEG decoder, hence the video goes into the processor for decoding. If needed, please use the H.264 provided on X261 for video decoding.

Commit message:

feat: add driver of debug board

tocs/4.FAQ/FAQ.md, after:

<!--
 Copyright (c) 2022 Innodisk crop.
 
 This software is released under the MIT License.
 https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT
-->


# FAQ
- [FAQ](#faq)
- [What is BSP?](#what-is-bsp)
- [Driver of debug board.](#driver-of-debug-board)
- [How to flash eMMC on X261?](#how-to-flash-emmc-on-x261)
- [How to update QSPI FW?](#how-to-update-qspi-fw)
- [How to use xmutil to check Accelerate Application is loaded?](#how-to-use-xmutil-to-check-accelerate-application-is-loaded)
- [How to update the application on X261?](#how-to-update-the-application-on-x261)
- [How to check the version on EXMU-X261?](#how-to-check-the-version-on-exmu-x261)
- [Aborted to run dpu-sc?](#aborted-to-run-dpu-sc)
- [For first time boot, what is the login account and password?](#for-first-time-boot-what-is-the-login-account-and-password)
- [How to access USB?](#how-to-access-usb)
- [How to use docker on EXMU-x261?](#how-to-use-docker-on-exmu-x261)
- [Will the kernel be updated?](#will-the-kernel-be-updated)
- [Pre-build image naming rule?](#pre-build-image-naming-rule)
- [How to check if X261 is operating normally from the hardware?](#how-to-check-if-x261-is-operating-normally-from-the-hardware)
- [How to check the xmodel information on X261?](#how-to-check-the-xmodel-information-on-x261)
- [The accelerate application continuously fails to load ?](#the-accelerate-application-continuously-fails-to-load-)
- [Why can't playing videos with gstreamer's MJPEG on X261 achieve the expected 30 FPS?](#why-cant-playing-videos-with-gstreamers-mjpeg-on-x261-achieve-the-expected-30-fps)

# What is BSP?
A Board Support Package (BSP) is a collection of drivers customized to the provided hardware description, and it also contains a lot of source code(like Petalinux, Vitis and Vivado etc.). Our BSP structure like below:  
![bsp-tree](./fig/bsp-tree.png)

# Driver of debug board.
Our [debug board](../1.Hardware/hardware.md) is using FT4232H chipset, the driver of could download from [FTDI official website](https://ftdichip.com/drivers/).

# How to flash eMMC on X261?
1. You need to prepare a MicroSD Card which can boot on X261, then use it to boot the system.  
2. In U-Boot section, you can see the simple menu like below through debug board(UART), please select `Carrier Card (CC) boot device` here.   
![u-boot-menu](./fig/u-boot-menu.png)  
1. After booting, you can follow below steps to flash the image which used to replace k26's eMMC, such like:  
   ```bash  
   sudo umount /dev/mmcblk0p1
   sudo umount /dev/mmcblk0p2
   echo -e "d\n\nd\n\nd\n\nw\n" | sudo fdisk /dev/mmcblk0
   sudo dd if=<reflash-image> of=/dev/mmcblk0 bs=1M status=progress 
   ```
2. Finnaly, after `reboot` then you can see the new system which you flashed.


# How to update QSPI FW?
For partition A.
```
sudo flashcp -v BOOT.BIN /dev/mtd5
```

For partition B.
```
sudo flashcp -v BOOT.BIN /dev/mtd7
```
Example of successfuly update qspifw.
    ![](doc/fig/../../fig/update_qspifw.gif)

# How to use xmutil to check Accelerate Application is loaded?
You can use `xmutil` to check the `listapps`. The active shows `0` means accelerate application is loaded.

```
xmutil listapps
```

![ckt_app_list](./fig/ckt_app.png)

If the accelerate application not loaded. you can use `xmutil` to unload or load accelerate application. And check the accelerate application list again.

- Unload APP

    ```
    xmutil unloadapp
    ```

    ![unload_app_list](./fig/unload_app.png)    

- Load APP
    ```
    xmutil loadapp <accelerate application name>
    ```
    Example 

    ```
    xmutil loadapp app-x261-bsp
    ```
    ![load_sucess](./fig/load_app.png)


# How to update the application on X261?
All application support using RPM to upgrade.
  
# How to check the version on EXMU-X261?
For BSP version, using the following command to check. The BSP version is `Ver.x.x.x`.

```bash
cat /etc/issue
```

![bsp-version](./fig/bsp-version.png)

For Vitis-AI version, using the following command to check. The Vitis-AI version can be seen at `VAI Version`.
```
xdputil query
```

![xdputil_query](./fig/xdputil_query.png)

The dpu-sc not preload in our system. If you need to check dpu-sc version, the version shows when running dpu-sc.

 ![dpu-sc-version](./fig/dpu-sc-verion.png)

For stesting version, stesting can't check version yet. Would be added in future version.
   
# Aborted to run dpu-sc?
When running the dpu-sc and got the error as following shows. It is because system doeesn't load DPU accelerate application yet.

![dpu-sc-aborted](./fig/dpu-sc-aborted.png)

Please load DPU accelerate application. Double check accelerate application list. And run dpu-sc again.
```
xmutil loadapp <dpu accelerate application name>
```

# For first time boot, what is the login account and password?
Account name is `petalinux`. And you can set a new password at first time.

# How to access USB?
You can use the command `sudo su` to switch mode to `root` for accessing USB.

![usb-access](./fig/usb-access.png)

# How to use docker on EXMU-x261?
You can install docker on EXMU-X261 by following command and refer [kria-docker](https://github.com/Xilinx/kria-docker) for more detail.

```
    sudo dnf install docker-ce.cortexa72_cortexa53 -y
```
# Will the kernel be updated?
Our kernel cannot be updated. If any adjustments are needed, please contact us.

# Pre-build image naming rule?
The following is pre-build image naming rule.
```
<projectname>_<BSP Version>_<APP>_<pkg coded date>
```
# How to check if X261 is operating normally from the hardware?
Please check if all the lights is lighting in the bottom right corner of the carried board, as following picture.

![light_lighting](./fig/lighting.png)

# How to check the xmodel information on X261?
Use the following command to check the fingerprint, input size, and architecture of the xmodel.

```
xdputil xmodel <xmodel> -l
```

Example
```
xdputil xmodel ppev3-yolov4-tiny-v25-416.xmodel -l
```
![xmodel_info](./fig/xmodel_info.png)

# The accelerate application continuously fails to load ?
Please follow the steps below for troubleshooting.
1. Please completely power off the X261.
2. Please detach the SOM board from the carried board.
3. Reinstall the SOM board onto the carried board.

Notice: Ensure the orientation of the SOM board and carried board is correct. Do not press hard, as it may cause permanent damage.

# Why can't playing videos with gstreamer's MJPEG on X261 achieve the expected 30 FPS?
This is because X261 does not provide an MJPEG decoder, hence the video goes into the processor for decoding. If needed, please use the H.264 provided on X261 for video decoding.
